_pages/talks-notes.md, before:

---
layout: archive
title: ""
permalink: /talks-notes/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
---

{% include base_path %}

Talks
=====
* A Geometric Introduction to Representation Theory,
expository (chalkboard) talk given at the JHU undergrad seminar in spring 2024;
notes under construction

* [A Short Introduction to de Rham Cohomology](/files/drp-de-rham.pdf),
10 minute talk presented as a part of the Directed Reading program
in spring 2024 (mentored by Anish Chedalavada)

* [Braidings on Non-Split Tambara-Yamagami Categories over the Reals](/files/braidings-on-non-split-ty-matrx.pdf),
slides for a talk given at the 2023
The Young Mathematicians Conference
and at the 2024 Mid-Atlantic Research Exchange hosted by the
JHU applied math department;
[poster](/files/braidings-on-non-split-ty-poster.pdf) presented at the 
2024 Joint Mathematics Meeting

* [An (Abridged) Intro to Sheaves](TODO),
7 minute talk presented as a part of the Directed Reading program
in fall 2023 (mentored by Anish Chedalavada)

* [An Introduction to Monoidal Categories](/files/mon-cat-talk.pdf),
expository (chalkboard) talk given at the JHU undergrad seminar in spring 2023

Other Notes
=====
* [Sheaf Spaces as Kan Extensions](/files/sheaf-spaces-as-kan-extensions.pdf),
notes I wrote up as a part of an independent study on category theory
supervised by Emily Riehl

Commit message:

gave up on running locally; some updates

_pages/talks-notes.md, after:

---
layout: archive
title: ""
permalink: /talks-notes/
author_profile: true
redirect_from:
---

{% include base_path %}
Here are some notes that I have written up for some talks that I gave
in undergrad; use with discretion as mistakes abound.

Talks
=====
* A Geometric Introduction to Representation Theory,
expository (chalkboard) talk given at the JHU undergrad seminar in spring 2024;
notes under construction

* [A Short Introduction to de Rham Cohomology](/files/drp-de-rham.pdf),
10 minute talk presented as a part of the Directed Reading program
in spring 2024 (mentored by Anish Chedalavada)

* [Braidings on Non-Split Tambara-Yamagami Categories over the Reals](/files/braidings-on-non-split-ty-matrx.pdf),
slides for a talk given at the 2023
The Young Mathematicians Conference
and at the 2024 Mid-Atlantic Research Exchange hosted by the
JHU applied math department;
[poster](/files/braidings-on-non-split-ty-poster.pdf) presented at the 
2024 Joint Mathematics Meeting

* [An (Abridged) Intro to Sheaves](TODO),
7 minute talk presented as a part of the Directed Reading program
in fall 2023 (mentored by Anish Chedalavada)

* [An Introduction to Monoidal Categories](/files/mon-cat-talk.pdf),
expository (chalkboard) talk given at the JHU undergrad seminar in spring 2023

Other Notes
=====
* [Sheaf Spaces as Kan Extensions](/files/sheaf-spaces-as-kan-extensions.pdf),
notes I wrote up as a part of an independent study on category theory
supervised by Emily Riehl
